good morning it's january 12
2021 and it's a tuesday
here in l.a clear morning
with a very slight breeze blowing
50 degrees fahrenheit right now 10
celsius
this morning i was thinking about a
great and beautiful song
into the mystic by the great
van the man morrison
you listen to this song and you get the
very good
feeling that everything's gonna be okay
eventually
should be going up to around 73 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon 23 celsius
and it looks like maybe some
clouds will come along later in the day
but
it'll be a mixture of
some clouds and blue skies and golden
sunshine
all along the way everyone
[Music]
have a great day